hey guys I've been asked to make a
little video for you to show you how to
load on the repositories or the add on
to your xbox media center by Apple TV
okay so the first thing you need to do
is to download this program here it's
called winscp for the windows and
basically for the apple mac users i
think you can use terminal but for this
occasion we're going to be using winscp
okay so this is winscp opened up
basically and what it is when you open
it up it will ask you for the IP address
of the apple TV which you can find
actually on the Apple TV itself you go
to the settings go to about and then
you'll find the IP address there so once
you type it into how the winscp you will
need to load up a username and a
password for your Apple TV now the
username for your TV is root that's our
oot and the password is called Alpine
okay once you do that it will open up
and look like something like this okay
it should look exactly like that
actually on the left hand side it will
have your computer's filing system on
the right hand side that's the apple TV
now what we need to do is we go out to
the first folder here I want you need to
do just double tap that needs a go back
a folder okay and then you'll see quite
a few other folders you know what we
need to do next is go to the mobile ok
and then that's where we need to deposit
our repositories ok so I've already
loaded downloaded mind repositories and
so what you need to do select the ones
that you want which you can do so at the
unofficial Wikipedia site if we just
type that in google it will come up ok
now we're what i want to do is I want to
jump off this one here so it's quite
simple just drag and drop and over she
goes ok so that would drop that one
there put it in there another problem
over she's gone so we've got a mole star
one now what we need to do next is go
over to the apple TV itself which had to
take a little trip into the other room
for me
okay now pull over to the xbox media
center itself let that load up okay we
need to go over to system load up the
system down to add ons I install from
zip file home folder and there you'll
see the actual repository itself now if
you install that I think I've already
got install so I'm just going to go over
the top of it there you can see the
bottom right-hand corner that says add
on enabled so what we need to do next go
to get add-ons and alcantar add-ons
enabled video add-ons and there you can
see the ice films and all you do after
that is you select install and then you
come back you come back over here back
back back out then go over to the videos
after get back one more time pull it to
the videos open it up go to a video
add-ons there you will see your eyes
films all loaded up now I've already
pre-done this already so i'll have all
the DVD metadata already there but I
just quickly show through so you can see
exactly what it is it's good the latest
releases doesn't take too long just go
to quick all depending on how fast your
connection is obviously straight across
and barely out as all our add-ons
already there Boris society battleground
they're all there whichever moves you so
you just have to load up basically
that's how you add an add-on so quite
simply some of you might have problems
are installed in when I come up and say
script error what you'll have to do is
install the nightly update now if you go
to youtube and just put nightly update x
that's got a brilliant video on exactly
what you need to do and how to do this
okay so follow that video you should be
fine feel free to ask me if you've got
any questions I'm always happy to answer
them thank you